excuse me mr. stark Christine Everhart
Vanity Fair magazine can I ask you a
couple of questions dude she's alright
hi yeah okay go you've been called The
DaVinci of our time what do you say to
that absolutely ridiculous and on pain
and what do you say to your other
nickname The Merchant of death that's
not that let me guess
Berkeley Brown actually well Ms Brown
it's an imperfect world but it's the
only one we've got I guarantee you the
day weapons are no longer needed to keep
the peace I'll start making bricks and
beams for baby hospitals every night in
front of the mirror before bedtime I can
see that I'd like to show you firsthand
all I want is a serious answer okay
you're serious my old man had a
philosophy piece means having a bigger
stick than the other guy that's a great
line coming from the guys down the
sticks
my father helped defeat the Nazis he
worked on the Manhattan Project a lot of
people including your professors at
Brown call that being a hero and a lot
of people would also call that war
profiteering tell me you planned a
report on the millions we've saved by
advancing medical technology or kept
from starvation with our Intel across
all those breakthroughs military funding
honey
prepare to lose a few with you
[Music]
good morning in 7a of the weather in
Malibu is 72 degrees with scattered
clouds the surf conditions are fair with
waist to shoulder-high light high time
[Music]